java c
COMP8410   Data   Mining S1 2025
Postgraduate Assignment   1
Maximum   marks
100
Weight
20% of the total   marks for the   course
Minto pass   hurdle
30%
Length
Maximum of 8   pages excluding cover   page,   bibliography and   appendices.
Layout
A4. At   least   11   point type size.   Use of typeface,   margins and   headings consistent with a   professional style.
Submission deadline
9am, Tuesday   11th    March
Submission   mode
Electronic,   PDF via Wattle, file-name includes u-number
Estimated time
15   hours
Penalty for   lateness
100% after the deadline   has   passed
First   posted:
17   February, 8am
Last   modified:
17   February, 8am
Questions to:
Wattle   Discussion   Forum
This assignment specification   may   be   updated to   reflect clarifications and   modifications   after   it   is first   issued.
You   are   required to submit   a single   essay   in the form   of   a   single   PDF file   with   a   file-name   that   includes your   University   u-number   ID. The first   page   must   have a clearly   identified title   and   author, with   both   name and   university   u-number, which   may form. a separate   cover   page. You   may also attach supporting   information   as   appendices   in the   same   PDF file.   Appendices will   not   be   marked.
This   is a single-person assignment and   must   be   completed   on   your   own.   You   must   use quality   reference   material   and carefully   reference via   in-text citations,   including   material provided to you   in the course.    Any   material that you   quote   must   have   the   source   clearly   referenced.   It   is   unacceptable to   present   any   portion   of another author's work as your   own.   Anyone found doing so will   be   penalised   in   marks.   In addition, ANU   plagiarism   procedures apply. This course   introduces fundamental concepts that could   potentially   be   addressed   by certain Generative AI tools   (e.g., ChatGPT).   Hence, the   use of   any   Generative AI   tools   is   not   permitted in graded assessments within this course.
You are strongly encouraged to start   working   on   the   assignment   right   away.   You   can   submit   as   many times as you wish. Only the   last submission   at   the   due   date   will   be   assessed.
Task
You are to write awell-researched essay that   critically   evaluates   the   ethics   and   social impact   of a data   mining   project.
1. Select a   Data   Mining   project and   describe   it.
You   are asked to select a data   mining   project.   This   must   be   either   a   project   (A)   from   your workplace   (i.e. where you were employed   in   a   paid   position   and that did   not   contribute   to education credit   by any   institution) or   it   can   be the   (B)   alternative   project   described   below.
(A) A   project from your workplace   can   be a   past, completed   project, a   current,   active project, or a future   project   in   planning stages. You   may   select   a   scientific   project,   but   it   must   be the case that the   project   raises sufficient genuine   ethical   questions for you   to   have something to write about   in the assignment.   For   example, the   project   may   use   data corresponding to attributes of   individual   people or organisations   that   could   be   privacy-sensitive or for whom the   mining   results could entrench   bias   against them.   The   project   must   involvedata   mining or analytics; simple data   collection   and   release, whether   intentional   or   not,   is   not sufficient. The   project   must   be conducted   by your employer   and   its   agents, and   you   must   be sufficiently   involved   in a   professional capacity to   have access to   organisational   information or   insight. You   are   required to declare   the   nature of your   involvement,   in   an appendix or cover   sheet   if you   wish.
For a workplace   project, you   are encouraged to attach   non-confidential   background   material, written   by others, concerning the   project about   which you   write,   where   this   may help to support the   information   provided   in your essay. This should   be   clearly   marked   as   an   appendix and   its source and status   identified. Your   assignment   submission   will   be   treated   confidentially,   but   it will   be available to ANU staff   involved   in the   course for   the   purposes   of      marking.   Please   respect your employer’s expectations of confidentiality.   If you   cannot   share sufficient   information about your   project   in order to address the   assignment   questions, then   please do choose a different   projector take the   (B)   Alternative   option.
(B) Alternatively,   select the data   mining   project   presented   in   New Scientist   No.   3525,   11   January 2025,   page 8 titled “AI boost   to cancer   detection   ”.      This   story   is   further   discussed   in   the editorial   in the same   issue.    The story   page   includes   a   shorter   story titled   “Can AI   listen      to patients” which   maybe   used to   support your discussion   if you choose. The   stories   and   editorial are   provided with this assignment spec.      Additional   references   are   provided   in the   stories   and others can   be found   on the Web.   Remember to cite   carefully.   If   you   are   unable   to   provide all the   required   information about this   project, then you should   make   an   informed guess   and explain your   reasoning for the answer   you   give.   Otherwise,   cite   your   sources.
Most students: You are expected to   choose the   (B)   Alternative   here,   although   you   may choose the Workplace   project   if you   prefer   and are   involved   in   it   as above.    Applied   Data Analytics Students: You are expected to   choose the   (A)   Workplace   project   but   if   it   is   difficult   for you to find one   (for example,   if you   are   not   employed,   or you   cannot   share   sufficient   information about a workplace   project), then you   may   select the   Alternative   project.
In your essay you will   need to describe the   project   in   terms   of   its   aims,   its   methods,   the source and   nature of the data   it   uses, the authority   for   the   organisation’s   access   to   the data, and the expected   use and   impact of   any   results   obtained. For the impact you   should   consider   not   only   how the   results are   planned to   be   used,   but   also   how they otherwise   could   be or   have   been   used.    In every   case, you   will   need   to   consider   whether   the   data   was   provided with   informed consent, whether   it   is or could   be   seen to   be   of   a   personal   n代 写COMP8410 Data Mining S1 2025 Postgraduate Assignment 1Matlab
代做程序编程语言ature,   and whether the outcomes of the data   mining   will   contribute to   social   improvement   or   improved services to consumers or the   public.    You   will   also   need   to   describe   any   other aspects of the   project that   are   necessary for you to address the   other   aspects   of your   essay.
2. Consider the ethical aspects   of   the   project.
In   2022   UNESCO   published the Recommendation on the Ethics   of   Artificial   Intelligence   (SHS/BIO/PI/2021/1) for voluntary application   by   Member States. The   recommendation   is   broad   in scope and far-reaching   in   implementation   responsibilities   over the whole AI system   lifecycle.   It   includes a statement of values and   10   principles   that   should   be   respected   by   all actors   in the AI   lifecycle,   including “data scientists, end-users, business enterprises,   universities and public and private entities”   (p10).   In   2018, the Australian Government   Office   of the Australian   Information Commissioner   released the   Guide   to Data Analytics and the   Australian Privacy Principles   (APP).    Meanwhile, the   research   community   has   been   actively      addressing the   principle of   explainability and   progress   is surveyed   in   Du,   Liu and   Hu,   (2020)   “   Techniques   for   Interpretable   Machine   Learning”, Communications   of   the   ACM   63(1).
You   are asked to discuss the ethical aspects   of your   data   mining   project   with   particular   reference to   both the   UNESCO   recommendation   and the APP.      You   must consider the   privacy of   individuals where   personal   information   is   involved: such as credit   card   transactions,   healthcare   records,   personal financial   records,   biological traits, criminal or   justice   investigations, ethnicity or   lifestyle. choices.
You   may   need to address complex   issues,   like whether the   potential cost   to   a   few   maybe outweighed   by the   benefit to   many. You are   not expected to   provide   simple,   one-directional   answers.    While your   project   may   raise   many ethical   issues,   paying attention to the   page   limit, you are advised to   broadly   introduce those that you   recognise   but   then   to   focus   your   discussion   more deeply on some   particular   issue(s) you choose.   For   the   (B)   Alternative   project, you are expected to   include    the   issues   raised   in the stories   in   your   discussion.
3.   Recommend   how the   project should, could,   or should   have,   managed   ethical   issues   related to data   mining.
You   are expected to forman opinion on the   appropriate   measures   to   put   in   place   to   address the ethical   issues you   have   identified.    You   must   place your opinion   in the   context   of technological solutions available to address   ethical   issues   in data   mining.   However,   you   are   not asked to consider those   methods   in   detail; a   light   coverage   of the   expected   benefits   of the   approach   is   sufficient. The   Duetal   paper   will   assist   you   with   technical   approaches   to some ethical   issues you   may encounter. Other   potential technical   approaches   are summarised   in the course   notes for Week   1.    You are   also   specifically   required togo   beyond   such technical solutions alone to consider   procedural, governance   or   educational   approaches to   managing ethical   issues.
While you   are asked to   provide your own   point   of view   of   measures that   could   or   should   be   taken, you are also asked to   explicitly   critique   alternative   views,   such   as,   perhaps,   the   measures that   were   put   in   place when the   project was conducted, or   measures that   relate   to the   project that you can   discover from the   literature or   Web   sources.   Alternatively,   for   the Workplace   project   (A) you could   interview colleagues   in your workplace   (but   not students of this   course)   in order to gain alternative   points   of   view   about   what   measures could   betaken that are ethically acceptable   and   proportionate. You   may   also   interview   other   people that   are   potentially affected   by the   results of the   project. Consider   attaching   a   transcript,   recording or   extracts from the   interviews as appendices to your   essay -   such   material, where   relevant, will   be considered as evidence   of your   research   for   the   essay.   You are free to conclude that ethical considerations   would   recommend   against   the   project   going   ahead, or   being applied   in   practice,   but   any conclusion you   make   must   be supported   by   a well-reasoned argument.
General Comments
An   abstract or executive summary   is   not   required. A cover   sheet   is   optional   and   does   not   contribute to the   page count.   No   particular   layout   is specified,   but you should   follow   a   professional style. and   use   no smaller than   11   point typeface   and stay   within   the   maximum   specified   page count.   It   is a strict   maximum:   long-winded or   irrelevant   content   within   the         limit will   be   penalised and text   beyond the   limit will   be treated   as   non-existent.   Page   margins,   heading sizes,   paragraph   breaks   and so forth are   not specified   but   a   professional   style   must   be   maintained. Appendices   maybe   used   and do   not contribute to the   page   count,   but appendices   may   be only quickly scanned   or   used for   reference   and   will   not   be   specifically   marked.
Your essay   is expected to   be a well-researched   piece   of   critical   writing.   You   may   find   this resource from Sydney   University   helpful   information on what   is expected, and   noting   that   it   necessarily   includes elements of descriptive, analytical, and   persuasive   writing:
https://www.sydney.edu.au/students/writing/types-of-academic-writing.html
You should   play close attention to   references,   both to   demonstrate the   research component of your essay, to support your   argument   with   expert   opinion   and   evidence,   and   also to appropriately attribute the work of   others   including   all   reference   documents   made available to you   (but   not this assignment specification   itself).      No   particular   referencing   style. is   required.   However, you are expected to   reference   conventionally,   conveniently,   and   consistently. Your   references should   be sufficient to   both   unambiguously   identify the   source, to describe the   nature of the source,   and to   retrieve   the   source   in   online   and   (if   possible) traditional   publisher formats.




         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
